ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/Operation/03_ManageOpenItems.md

The total amount of the postings is displayed in the upper right corner of the workspace. The total amount of the postings must equal **0,00**.

  ![Clear manually](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/ClearManually.png "[Clear manually]")

  > [Info] The *Standard open items view* radio button must be selected.

2. Click the [CLEAR MANUALLY] button.  
The selected postings are cleared. The corresponding open items are removed from the open items list.

3. If necessary, you can reverse manually cleared postings. To do so, click the *Show manually cleared open items* radio button.   
All manually cleared postings for the selected account are displayed.

   ![Manually cleared open items](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/ManuallyClearedOPOS.png "[Manually cleared open items]")

4. Select the checkbox of the cleared postings to be reversed in the *M* column.
The total amount of the postings is displayed in the upper right corner of the workspace.

  > [Info] The total amount of the postings must equal **0,00** to be reversed.

5. Click the [UNDO CLEARING] button to reverse the clearing.  

> The manual clearing for the selected postings has been undone. The corresponding postings are removed from the manually cleared open items list.

Reviewer: Entweder nur als Info oder als eigene Prozedur - das rückgängig machen ist schließlich kein Bestandteil von der genannten Prozedur

[!!Zahlungsabwicklung](RetailSuiteBanking)
[!!User Interface open items](../UserInterface/01d_OpenItems.md)  

# Manage the open items

> The *OPEN ITEMS* tab displays any open items in the system, that is, any business transactions that have not yet been completed. The open items function helps to monitor cash movements and avoid liquidity problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open items are any business transactions that have not yet been completed. By checking the open items, you can monitor cash movements and avoid liquidity problems.
```

There are two view modes:

> - If no account is selected, the *OPEN ITEMS* tab displays all open items in the *Accounting* module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If no account is selected, all open items in the *Accounting* module are displayed in the *OPEN ITEMS* tab. 
```

> - If a personal account is selected, the *OPEN ITEMS* tab displays only the open items for the selected account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a certain account is selected, the *OPEN ITEMS* tab displays only the open items for the selected account.
```

> > [Info] An account can be selected either by entering an  account number in the *Account* or *Contra account* field, or by clicking on a booking in the *BOOKINGS* tab.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Info] An account can be selected either by entering an account number in the *Account* or *Contra account* field, or by selecting a booking in the *BOOKINGS* tab.  
```

> ## Access all open items

Reviewer: Vielleicht lieber check all open items?

> ## Access all open items

Author: ```suggestion
## Check all open items
```

> You can display all open items recorded in the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display all open items recorded in the system to check the open items across all accounts. 

```

#### Prerequisites

> - The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](../Integration/01_RunAccountingWizard.md).
> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](../Integration/04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).
> - A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).
```

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select fiscal year > Book > Tab OPEN ITEMS*

![All open items](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/NoAccountSelected.png "[All open items]")

1. Check that no account number is entered in the *Account* or *Contra account* fields.

> 2. If the *Account* or *Contra account* fields are filled out, clear the content either with the keyboard delete key or with the [CLEAR] button. Press Enter or the tab key.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > If the *Account* or *Contra account* fields are filled in, clear the fields by clicking the [CLEAR] button.
```

> 
> 2. If the *Account* or *Contra account* fields are filled out, clear the content either with the keyboard delete key or with the [CLEAR] button. Press Enter or the tab key.  
> The *OPEN ITEMS* tab shows all open items available in the *Accounting* module.
> 
>  > [Info] If there are no open items, a blank tab is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *OPEN ITEMS* tab shows all open items available in the *Accounting* module.

 > [Info] If the *Account* or *Contra account* fields are filled in, clear the fields by clicking the [CLEAR] button.
 
2. Check the list of open items.

 > [Info] If there are no open items, a blank tab is displayed.
```

>   ![No open items](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/NoOPOS.png "[No open items]")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Kein Bild zu einer Info

> ## Access the open items for an account

Reviewer: vielleicht eher check the open items for an account?

> You can display all open items recorded in a specific personal account, that is, a creditor or debtor account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can display all open items of a specific account, for example to check the open items of a certain creditor or debtor account.
```

#### Prerequisites

> - The accounting is configured via the configuration wizard, see [Run the accounting wizard](../Integration/01_RunAccountingWizard.md).
> - A valid fiscal year is created, see [Create a fiscal year](../Integration/04_ManageFiscalYear.md#create-a-fiscal-year).
> - A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fiscal year is selected, see [Select fiscal year](./01_SelectFiscalYear.md).
```

#### Procedure

*Accounting > Select fiscal year > Book > Tab OPEN ITEMS*

> ![Open items for an account](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/AccountSelected.png "[Open items for an account]")

Reviewer: Hier erst noch ein Bild ohne Auswahl eines Accounts

> 1. Enter a personal account number in the *Contra account* or in the *Account* field. Alternatively, click on a booking in the *BOOKINGS* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter an account number in the *Contra account* or in the *Account* field. Alternatively, click on a booking in the *BOOKINGS* tab.
```

> The open items recorded in the corresponding account are displayed in the *OPEN ITEMS* tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The open items of the corresponding account are displayed in the *OPEN ITEMS* tab.
```

> 2. Select the *Standard open items view* or the *Show manually cleared open items* radio button to filter the open items displayed as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If desired, select the *Show manually cleared open items* radio button to display only the manually cleared open items for the selected account. By default, the *Standard open items view* radio button is preselected and all open items for the selected account are displayed. 
```

> 

Reviewer: 3. Check the list of open items for the selected account.

 > [Info] If required, you can manually clear open items, see [Clear an open item manually](#clear-an-open-item-manually).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check the list of open items for the selected account.

 > [Info] If required, you can manually clear open items, see [Clear an open item manually](#clear-an-open-item-manually).
```

> 3. If necessary, you can clear open items manually. To do so, select the bookings to be settled by marking the ![checkbox](../../Assets/Icons/Checkbox.png "[checkbox]") checkbox in the *M* column.  

Reviewer: select a checkbox

> 3. If necessary, you can clear open items manually. To do so, select the bookings to be settled by marking the ![checkbox](../../Assets/Icons/Checkbox.png "[checkbox]") checkbox in the *M* column.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If necessary, you can clear open items manually. To do so, select the checkbox of the corresponding bookings to be settled in the *M* column.
```

The amount displayed in the *Amount* box on the right-hand side of the workspace equals 0,00.

  ![Clear manually](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/ClearManually.png "[Clear manually]")

4. Click the [CLEAR MANUALLY] button.  

>  The bookings are cleared. The open items disappear from the open items list with the *Standard open items view* radio button selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The bookings are cleared. The selected open items are removed from the open items list in the *Standard open items view*.
```

5. If necessary, you can reverse manually cleared bookings. To do so, click the *Show manually cleared open items* radio button.   

>  All manually cleared bookings for the selected account are displayed. The manually cleared bookings are marked with an asterisk next to the checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 All manually cleared bookings for the selected account are displayed.
```
Überflüssige Info für Operation - kann bei UI rein

   ![Manually cleared open items](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/OpenItems/ManuallyClearedOPOS.png "[Manually cleared open items]")

> 6. Select the manually cleared bookings to be reversed.  
> The amount displayed in the *Amount* box on the right-hand side of the workspace equals 0,00.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Select the checkbox of the cleared bookings to be reversed in the *M* column.
  The total amount of the bookings is displayed in the upper right corner of the workspace.
  
  > [Info] The total amount must equal **0,00 H** to be reversed.
```

> 7. Click the [CANCEL CLEARING] button to reverse the clearing.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click the [UNDO CLEARING] button to reverse the clearing.  
```

> The manual clearing has been cancelled.

Reviewer: Eigene Procedure für Clear an open item manually

> The manual clearing has been cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The manual clearing for the selected bookings has been undone. The corresponding bookings are removed from the manually cleared open items list.
```
